We have restored limits to 5x (500%). Sorry about the troubles, had to be overly cautious with everything. Quoted tweet from @toptrader101: #binance @binance So they've updated their platform. You can no longer put a sell order in over 30% higher than current price. Do you think this is a good idea? #share #BTC
Interesting, curious to hear more. twitter.com/Bancor/status/… Quoted tweet from @Bancor: This morning (CEST) Bancor experienced a security breach. No user wallets were compromised. To complete the investigation, we have moved to maintenance and will be releasing a more detailed report shortly. We look forward to being back online as soon as possible.
Unfortunately, the technical issues at BitGo are not resolved completely. Deposits are stuck with multiple confirmations on the blockchain. Once BitGo will resolve the issue you will see the funds in your NiceHash account.
Why did @FCoinOfficial suddenly shut down and where is the $130 million in investors funds? We decided to find out. bit.ly/32vthZh https://t.co/wdixVOPQhW
China’s FCoin plans to reopen, return $130 million in missing #Bitcoin ► decrypt.co/20747/china-fc… https://t.co/0vcroCJgak
Jameson Lopp retweeted: Great example of inefficient block space usage by @gate_io exchange. No batching. No Segwit. Tx fees considerably higher than average, but don't confirm due to using 1 single address, resulting in bottleneck of hundreds of unconfirmed parents. #Bitcoin https://t.co/FxqP1arQkW
Gemini exchange is up and running. Please note, we're planning to undergo our regularly scheduled weekly maintenance tonight at 9pm-1am ET.
Gemini will undergo a significant infrastructure upgrade & will be offline from Friday, 08/25 6:00pm ET until Saturday, 08/26 at 11:59pm ET.
Gemini exchange is now back in orbit. Onward and upward! 🚀
The Gemini Spaceship is planning to undergo scheduled weekly maintenance tonight from 8:00-11:59pm ET. We apologize for any inconvenience!
The system upgrade will begin in just under 1.5 hours (3AM UTC). The upgrade will take approximately 6-8 hours. There will be a 30-minute window to cancel orders, process deposits, withdrawals & use other account related functions before trading resumes. binance.com/en/support/art… https://t.co/taSTsuIbDq
The system upgrade has now begun & trading has been suspended. The upgrade will take approximately 6-8 hours. There will be a 30-minute window to cancel orders, process deposits, withdrawals & use other account related functions before trading resumes. binance.com/en/support/art… https://t.co/Xvphp7hnbu
2 HR update: upgrade is on track so far. Quoted tweet from @binance: The system upgrade has now begun & trading has been suspended. The upgrade will take approximately 6-8 hours. There will be a 30-minute window to cancel orders, process deposits, withdrawals & use other account related functions before trading resumes. binance.com/en/support/art… https://t.co/Xvphp7hnbu
#Binance System Upgrade - Update The system upgrade is on track & progressing smoothly. Next update at 9AM UTC Original announcement 🔽 binance.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/artic… https://t.co/4ytoOqbLbL
. @Binance is back in business. After a hiccup last week, suffering the sixth-largest hack of a cryptocurrency exchange in history, Binance has reopened its doors, and it’s coming out guns blazing. bit.ly/2JTSrK1
LocalBitcoins is not the first peer-to-peer trading network to block Iran. Major companies such as @Coinbase and @Binance have also begun rejecting Iranian customers on the basis of their nationality within the past year. bitcoinmagazine.com/articles/local…
As geoblocking becomes the norm, how crazy is it that a country that prides itself on being a paragon of innovation is dragging its feet so much that it's consumers are systematically excluded from a new global growth industry & its entrepreneurs are actively building elsewhere? Quoted tweet from @zhusu: Bitmex, Bitfinex do aggressive geoblocking / offboarding of US customers. Huobi recently had to as well and setup HBUS w/ limited services. Does this recent announcement of a FinCEN-registered US exchange by Binance imply mass US offboarding incoming? coindesk.com/binance-says-i…
[status] In Progress: Coinbase Pro is offline (user interface and APIs) with trading in all markets expected paused until approximately 10:30am PT. stspg.io/l66pn7lh3xpb?u…
Due to the current Binance system downtime, the BitMEX TRXU18 listing will be postponed. We will post another update before listing.
Binance is back online. We will list TRXU18 at 08:30 UTC tomorrow, June 27. twitter.com/BitMEXdotcom/s… Quoted tweet from @BitMEXdotcom: Due to the current Binance system downtime, the BitMEX TRXU18 listing will be postponed. We will post another update before listing.
Messari retweeted: Bancor bans US users from its web application starting July 8 messari.io/article/bancor…
#narrativewatch Quoted tweet from @crypto_bobby: This one swept under the Libra radar Bancor banning US users 🙄 twitter.com/Bancor/status/…
#binance just banned Chinese user, again.
-Binance, one of the busiest cryptocurrency exchanges, has been down since Wednesday evening. -The Hong Kong company says it wasn't hacked, and that it should be back online late Thursday. markets.businessinsider.com/currencies/new…
🙍 Troubled crypto exchange QuadrigaCX goes offline for ‘maintenance’ messari.io/article/troubl…
Juan⚡️Galt (@Bitcoin) retweeted: Coinapult, which also relies on Crypto Capital, appears to have stopped trading on December 10, one day after QuadrigaCX CEO Gerald Cotten presumably died in India whilst checking on the orphanage. https://t.co/NjAKcfoH2S
Completed: The Gemini Spaceship is back in orbit! Maintenance complete. stspg.io/173588da0
Scheduled (11/ 7/17 9:00PM EST): The Gemini Spaceship will undergo maintenance tonight from 9:00-10:00PM ET. stspg.io/3ff85b982
We are aware of the connectivity and performance issues. We apologize for this inconvenience. Our devs are working to fix them. For status updates, check out: status.kraken.com For more help, escalate your issue by submitting a support ticket here: goo.gl/forms/2VolutBY…
Looks like @krakenfx is still down. Maybe they should have used a high availability database internally. Maybe it should have been a blockchain. status.kraken.com/incidents/nswt…
Kyle Torpey retweeted: Uh oh... @krakenfx still down... but I don't think the FBI can really help with this. He does seem to have gotten 10 hours of sleep, so there's that. h/t @cryptoprofits
Digital asset exchange @krakenfx has now been down for nearly 40 hours. Here is their latest update from a few minutes ago. They will offer free trading for a period of time once they find a bug in their system upgrade.
Please note that we will be monitoring performance closely and pausing trading if any issues arise. Trading is currently paused while we investigate a quoting issue. Follow our status page for further updates. status.kraken.com
Kraken is back. I wonder if they finally got rid of the infamous "500" errors. Quoted tweet from @krakenfx: Kraken returns with free trading! We apologize for the uncertainty our downtime has caused - it was done to upgrade the trade engine. Please see our blog post for important details about the upgrade and return of trading. blog.kraken.com/post/1449
Trading has resumed. Please see our blog post for important details about the upgrade and return of trading. blog.kraken.com/post/1449
We wish to sincerely apologise for any inconvenience caused due to technical issues on the website collectorcoins.ie. This was as a result of extremely high demand for the limited edition Phil Lynott coin which launched today. Further information centralbank.ie/news/article/p…
CME closed for the weekend -- lately this is where all the Judas swings and fakeouts occur -- most of the time the range is re-established by Sunday night open. So don't get too excited about these short range liquidation moves.
BCHABC and BCHSV markets will remain open throughout, and we will reenable deposits and withdrawals of both as soon as the networks stabilize. For more information, please see our FAQs: poloniex.freshdesk.com/support/soluti…
Due to a potential 51% attack, ETC wallets have been disabled and will not be re-enabled until tomorrow (at the very earliest). We will update this thread when we have a firmer timeline for re-enabling deposits and withdrawals. Poloniex was not affected, and your fund are safe.
Update: Our #XRP wallet upgrade, previously scheduled for Monday, will now occur on Tuesday, September 10th. Trading will be unaffected but deposits and withdrawals will be suspended during maintenance. We expect maintenance to begin around 15:15 UTC and last several hours. twitter.com/Poloniex/statu… Quoted tweet from @Poloniex: On Monday, we will be upgrading our #XRP wallets in order to introduce an enhanced user experience. Trading will be unaffected but deposits and withdrawals will be suspended during maintenance. We expect maintenance to begin around 15:15 UTC and last several hours.
IMPORTANT: US customers are no longer able to trade on Poloniex. US customers should stop depositing immediately and withdraw their assets by December 15, 2019 from poloniexus.circle.com
This morning we saw degraded performance, with brief periods of downtime for Coinbase and Coinbase Pro, occurring intermittently between 10:28am PT and 12:15pm PT. We have now implemented a fix and access to Coinbase and Coinbase Pro is restored.
couldn’t even log in thanks for opportunity loss...
When you’re unable to log in pretty much limits your options. But thanks anyway
Seems to always go down when bitcoin is pumping
We are currently experiencing intermittent downtime on http://coinbase.com. We’ve identified the issue and are working on a fix. We’ll let you know when we’re back up!
Whenever there is a Bitcoin pump there is a problem. This is not the first time. The lack of timely access to your system affects our investments. You have to produce a solution for this. And please don't use Covid-19 for an excuse.
We're currently experiencing an outage with our Help Center and support forms. Our team is working to fix this, and we'll send an update when this issue is resolved.
Our Help Center and support forms are back up and running. Thank you for your patience!
We are currently experiencing intermittent downtime. We're working to fix the issue and we'll let you know when we're back up.
the trading engine server unexpectedly restarted, taking it offline.
@BitMEXdotcom pulled the plug on their servers. 
My girl goes down so hard that i call her @BitMEXdotcom
Yo @BitMEXdotcom fix your shit. Can’t log back in after closing window.
UPDATE: We’re working to bring the BitMEX platform back online as soon as possible. All funds are safe, delayed orders will be rejected, and no liquidations will occur during downtime. There will be a cancel only period on coming back online.
We’ve published a full account of the unscheduled downtime that our users experienced between 12:00 UTC and 13:40 UTC on 19 May 2020, and outlined how we are responding.  See our blog for details:
down for maintenance
Trading resumed at 13:40 UTC
When Pakcoin market will resume. Waiting
@MyHushTeam Please what are you guys doing about the paused market on @Cryptopia_NZ . The shutdown is over due.
We are still experiencing unscheduled maintenance. The next update will be at 8am NZDT (7pm UTC)
Update: We are still experiencing unscheduled maintenance. Our team is working hard to resolve this and we will provide an update soon.
Please be more transparent with your updates.  It's been 16 hours now and people who have funds on the exchange need to be updated on the issue and how long it is expected to resolve.
Our highly experienced and extensive team are currently dedicated to getting the website back up as quickly as possible. We’re sorry to hear how much inconvenience this is causing you and appreciate your patience until we can provide further details.
Any tentative time, you are on maintenance since yesterday. I hope everything is ok.
Hey Cryptopia, I'm sure the community would appreciate significant details while we are eagerly awaiting for our withdraws to appear in wallets. It's now been more than 24h down with no explanation. Isn't that look a bit suspicious ?
Unscheduled.... probably got hacked and doing audit...?
Guys this is taking so long. please update us instead of replying with repeated messages.
7 hours since last update, could you please let everyone know if our funds are safe. This is really nerve wracking
Approaching 24hrs and still in the dark about what the root cause of the unscheduled maintenance is.  Please provide a detailed update!
23 hours and counting, this can not be maintenance
when will it be back up?
Maintenance without informing client!!! These are the way that scammers did
I wonder how long this will takes? since yesterday until now still you are not back online.
It has been more then 24 hours now since you guys are on maintenance... I hope and wish that everything is ok???? Please resume soon.
unscheduled maintenance is bad news for me after that btc-e maintenance... please come back soon cryptopia
down 24 hours now, and still no mention as to why.. not cool..  said you were going to post an update, when it came time for said update, there was no update, just a comment about still being down... what's going on?
We are currently experiencing an unscheduled maintenance, we are working to resume services as soon as possible. We will keep you updated.
please explain what’s going on with your site, all markets are paused. 
I cringe when exchanges have unscheduled maintenance messages
cryptopia is under maintenance. Remember, the safest place to store your coins is in your own desktop wallets. Safe and secure while earning staking rewards with
With the news of @Cryptopia_NZ being down, remember that you can always use our other exchange
We are sorry to hear how much inconvenience this is causing you. Resuming trading is our No. 1 priority and we have a highly experienced and extensive team dedicated to resolving this as quickly as possible.
While I (and others I'm sure) appreciate the reply - We are wondering what is going on. Any information on why you folks are down would be much appreciated
Kraken had a weird bug. Some of the commenters are upset, but cut @krakenfx some slack, because (1) bugs happen to everyone, and (2) far worse behaviors happen all the time, intentionally, on less reputable exchanges. Quoted tweet from @krakenfx: 1/3 Yesterday a test of an unreleased advanced order type encountered a bug which resulted in the order's prices being matched against the wrong side of the book. Some clients bought from the tester at $8000 and others sold at $12000 without clearing the intervening liquidity. https://t.co/iG3sEPCVXS
Upbit hacked, 342,000 ETH stolen, the exchange will cover the loss from its own funds. Trading to resume in two weeks. upbit.com/service_center…
Turns out the funds were not so "safu" Quoted tweet from @cz_binance: Have to perform some unscheduled server maintenance that will impact deposits and withdrawals for a couple hours. No need to FUD. Funds are #safu.
Incorrect fiat balance display on OKEx found around 19PM 22 May (Beijing Time). Withdrawal resumed on 23 May but soon suspended again. OKEx just announced further update at 13PM today.
This has to be one of the biggest scam exchanges out there!!! Always wallets in maintenance, tokens locked for months costing people $$$ piss poor cust svc!!! Wake up people and take your biz elsewhere!!!
They should be up again shortly. They have had about 200B in EMB withdrawals this week. Probably too high a volume for their system.
They have been going in and out of maintenance mode. They announced that they will honor any withdrawal requests made before the 21st even if they continue to have issues. They have done about 200B worth of EMB withdrawals so we are optimistic things will be up again soon.
We had a brief period of the BTC wallet in maintenance this morning. We can confirm that the wallet is now back to normal.
Does anyone wonder why bitcoin and all these other wallets are constantly under maintenance at crucial times?
No it isn’t. It’s back in maintenance again so I can’t withdraw. What’s going on?
It smells like a inside job. Hope you're so called scheduled maintenance will complete soon and my tokens will be there
Got this email days before the hack saying they were going in maintenance anyways 14th-18th because of the Constantinople Hard Fork.... This is an EXIT SCAMFace with look of triumph I want my god damn access to my account!!!!
If they were truly having an issue it would be once in a while! They have the same supposed issues all the time. I had coins locked for 45 days a year ago!! Always wallets and exchange under maintenance!!! They need to be investigated!
Binance is experiencing issues. Our engineers are working on restoring services. Withdrawals and deposits are temporarily suspended. We apologize for the inconvenience. twitter.com/binance/status…
@Binance is down again. Can't log in, can't trade. This keeps happening during volatile market conditions. Really need a more reliable exchange. #BinanceDown
Coinbase status update: We are experiencing elevated error rates across our platform. Some users may be unable to log in or execute trades. We are investigating. status.coinbase.com
Kraken is currently experiencing issues with several features including spot and margin trading. Our team is actively working to resolve the disruption. status.kraken.com
Kraken trading engine completely offline for 2 hours during massive BTC price move. Thousands of traders unable to execute orders or manage positions. #KrakenDown
Bybit systems experiencing latency issues due to unprecedented trading volume. Order execution delays reported across all spot and derivatives markets. bybit.com/en/announcement…
FTX exchange degraded performance. Deposits, withdrawals, and order matching experiencing delays. The team is working to address infrastructure scaling. ftx.com/status
@OKX is down during ETH ETF approval. The exchange is experiencing critical API failures. Market making bots cannot connect. Hundreds of thousands in potential losses. twitter.com/okx/status/…
Huobi/HTX website and trading completely unavailable for 3+ hours. Mobile app also not responding. No updates from the team during the outage. #HTXDown #HuobiDown
Gate.io experiencing significant lag in order execution and matching engine. During BTC all-time high, the platform essentially became unusable for 90 minutes. gateio.io/en/article/282…
BitMEX trading engine halted during extreme market volatility. Liquidation engine also suspended. The interruption lasted over 25 minutes causing cascading losses. blog.bitmex.com/bitmex-service…
Deribit options exchange experiencing connection issues. WebSocket disconnections affecting market makers. Matching engine intermittently offline during high volume. deribit.com/news
@CoinbasePro completely inaccessible during the March 2020 crypto crash. Users unable to manage positions as BTC dropped 50%. No trading, no deposits, no withdrawals. coinbase.com/blog/coinbase-…
MEXC Global experiencing widespread outage. Login failures and inability to withdraw funds reported by hundreds of users on social media. No official statement yet. twitter.com/MEXC_Global…
KuCoin trading platform down for scheduled maintenance extended beyond announced window. Users reporting inability to access funds for 6+ hours. kucoin.com/support/…
Poloniex exchange experiencing intermittent connectivity issues. API endpoints returning 503 errors. Deposits and withdrawals delayed by 12+ hours. poloniex.com/support/…
Crypto.com app and exchange completely offline for 14 hours following a security incident. All trading and withdrawals suspended. crypto.com/product-news/c…
Phemex exchange experiencing technical issues with withdrawal processing. Users reporting delays of 24+ hours on withdrawal requests. Multiple complaints on Reddit and Twitter. phemex.com/blogs/announcem…
Bitfinex trading halted during extreme market conditions. The exchange's matching engine paused for over 1 hour during Black Thursday 2020. blog.bitfinex.com/announcements/…
AscendEX exchange maintenance extended. Originally scheduled for 2 hours, the downtime has exceeded 24 hours with funds inaccessible to all users. ascendex.com/en/support/artic…
BitFlyer Japan exchange experiencing deposit and withdrawal delays. The exchange is currently unable to process JPY bank transfers due to system maintenance. bitflyer.com/support/…
Bybit maintenance for system upgrades takes longer than expected. Pro trading interface offline for 6 hours, affecting thousands of active traders. bybit.com/en/announcement…
Binance ETH withdrawal system down for 3+ hours. The network appears congested but the problem is internal to Binance's processing queue. Users reporting stuck transactions. theblock.co/post/…
Coinbase Pro experiencing intermittent API downtime. Market makers reporting WebSocket disconnections every 5-10 minutes during high volatility. status.coinbase.com/…
Kraken exchange website returns 502 errors for 45 minutes during major Bitcoin price movement. Customer service flooded with complaints. Traders unable to execute liquidations. status.kraken.com/…
Bitfinex API experiencing significant delays. Trading bot operators reporting order submission latency of 30+ seconds versus normal 200ms. The lag is causing significant losses. theblock.co/post/…
FTX matching engine degraded during massive SOL token price spike. Leveraged positions unable to be managed. Thousands of positions liquidated due to delayed order processing. ft.cx/status
KuCoin systems fully offline for emergency maintenance. The exchange has been down for 4 hours with no ETA. Users report inability to access mobile and web platforms simultaneously. kucoin.com/support/…
Gate.io unexpectedly offline during peak trading. The exchange has one of the largest token listings but repeated downtime episodes erode user trust. twitter.com/gate_io/…
OKX spot trading engine experiencing issues. Orders are not being filled despite showing "order accepted" status. Users stuck in open positions they cannot close. okx.com/support/…
Crypto.com Visa card processing down globally. Users unable to pay for goods and services with crypto debit cards despite having sufficient balance. twitter.com/cryptocom/…
Deribit options expiration processing delayed by 5 hours due to system overload. The largest options exchange experiences critical infrastructure failure on the highest-volume day of the month. deribit.com/news/…
Phemex exchange login service intermittently unavailable. Password reset emails not being delivered. Customer accounts effectively locked out for 6+ hours. phemex.com/blogs/…
