[TRANSITION UPDATE] We are getting ready to transfer funds from the old platform to the NEW NiceHash platform. Please note that withdrawals will be temporarily disabled during this process.
@Atheneumchain any ideas whats going on with @Cryptopia_NZ? wont even let you withdraw. no open buy or sell orders , just doesnt let you take out??
@Cryptopia_NZ has processed about 200B in EMB withdrawals this week so we are confident they will get around to everyone’s in time. They announced that all withdrawal requests will be honored if they are initiated before the 21st.
@Cryptopia_NZ hey fellas.. This issue with @tokenpay deposits and withdrawals is getting out of hand. As a community we have deemed you as the best place to purchase TPAY but yet you seem to have consistent issues.  We cannot fathom the reasoning.
@Cryptopia_NZ I also have the same issue  for more than a month now and no response to tickets raised and comment on the ticket ....when can we get this issue sorted out ?
@Cryptopia_NZ Seem to be noticing a number of transactions still under processing for the @TheGCCcoin ,we are quite close to the date for #Airdrop, try fix them or get in touch with us to find out a possible fix... there doesn't seen to be a problem with other exchanges/blockchain
@Cryptopia_NZ still holding my tron Exploding head it’s been more than 72 hours since withdrawal was initiated
@Cryptopia_NZ you will release embercoin's withdrawal before deleting from the site
@stakecube just continues to impress. For #EMB holders with pending @Cryptopia_NZ withdrawals, StakeCube has stated that when your deposit comes through they will swap manually for you and credit your account with some freshly minted #AEM! 
@XCashCrypto Can you get Cryptopia to fix the withdraw issue ?
#Binance hacked for 7000 BTC, a reported 2% of their total $BTC holdings. Deposits and withdraws are frozen and CZ promises to cover all loses from "#SAFU fund" Trading remains enabled, but deposits and withdraws frozen for 2 weeks, while they check their systems.
⚡btc_joe [LTC] retweeted: Tldr; dudes account gets locked for "legal reasons" and is told is "under investigation".. dude is 3rd tier kyc which means they have his picture and full info... he then makes a thread accusing evil binance of misdeeds. Support comes in and destroys him. https://t.co/354cJlFjoY
🔒 QuadrigaCX crypto exchange users still can’t get their money out messari.io/article/quadri…
24/ Binance temporarily suspends Tether withdrawals. (Confirmed by @TheBlock__ ) twitter.com/Bitfinexed/sta… Quoted tweet from @Bitfinexed: Binance suspends Tether withdrawals. I thought the whole point of Tether was that it could be freely transferred without worrying about banks? Guess it was bullshit. https://t.co/VhEAw1TMDb
7 hours since last update, could you please let everyone know if our funds are safe. This is really nerve wracking
9/ My guess is we’ve barely begun to see the fallout of Quadriga. @propelforward wrote this timely paper about the legal ramifications of private keys twitter.com/propelforward/… while @iamjosephyoung flagged this more personal story of loss Quoted tweet from @iamjosephyoung: Horrific stories involving QuadrigaCX emerging. A former US-based software engineer lost $422,000, all of his savings he gained working 7 years to move back to Canada. He sent crypto to Quadriga, filed withdrawal in October, hasn't received the money. cryptomenow.com/a-programmer-l…
Adam Back retweeted: #Binance is happy to announce a 50% reduction in $BTC withdrawal fees. Effective immediately, BTC withdrawal fees are only 0.0005 BTC!
And Bitcoin Cash? You said that the customers will have time to withdraw the BCH before the fork, I made the withdraw, it has not processed or broadcasted and until today the wallet under maintenance, with pending transaction, more than month, no answers by support, no feedback.
and many more, stay in maintance with months, hold our money #cryptopia @Cryptopia_NZ #scammers #ScamAlert #cryptocurrency
BCHABC and BCHSV markets will remain open throughout, and we will reenable deposits and withdrawals of both as soon as the networks stabilize. For more information, please see our FAQs: poloniex.freshdesk.com/support/soluti…
Binance security breach, affected 2% of their BTC holdings, deposits and withdrawals suspended for a week. Computer and crypto security remains a very difficult problem for all. binance.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/artic…
But  i have  1 bilion to witrawal  and os closed to do ONLY have 10 milion on procesing
But I transfered a small amount of embercoin in cpatex on 9th Jan when withdrawal were not stopped by cryptopia that too still is in processing mode from last 2 days.
can't swap because stuck in @Cryptopia_NZ ! Will they allow withdrawals before Jan 21?
Centralized TTP that freezes user accounts complains about centralized TTP that freezes functionality on their token. Quoted tweet from @eosnewyork: Hey @binance, we are getting a lot of questions about why you are not enabling withdrawals for #EOS. Can you help us provide an answer? Thank you!
CRYPTOPIA WALLET IS CURRENTLY WORKING! Please withdraw your funds immediately. They have processed another 10B so please be patient.
Cryptopia_NZ has kept mine on pending all day
DASH retweeted: Now you can Deposit your Dash on KurePay at zero deposit charge, deposit Dash @ $100 get $100 exact Also, there is a zero withdrawal fee on your first bank transfer https://t.co/oXPcsnBaCx #Bitcoin #Ethereum #Dash #crypto #ewallet #Kurecoin @Dashpay @DashNigeria_Biz
Deposit and withdrawal of #edu has been suspended on #huobi. Meanwhile, #binance stress security review for each listing tokens.
Does anyone wonder why bitcoin and all these other wallets are constantly under maintenance at crucial times?
Due to a potential 51% attack, ETC wallets have been disabled and will not be re-enabled until tomorrow (at the very earliest). We will update this thread when we have a firmer timeline for re-enabling deposits and withdrawals. Poloniex was not affected, and your fund are safe.
Due to a wallet upgrade, we have paused the deposits and withdrawals of Stellar (XLM) from 15:00 Jun 10, 2019 (CET, UTC+1). The services will be resumed once the upgrade completes. support.okex.com/hc/en-us/artic…
Due to the VNT mainnet swap, we will pause the deposits and withdrawals of VNT from 05:00 June 29, 2019 (CEST, UTC +2) until the swap is complete. support.okex.com/hc/en-us/artic…
fix $pac wallet, 2 months i am hostage, i need my money you #scammers #cryptocurrency #thieves
Gemini retweeted: Monitoring: ZEC deposits and withdrawals are temporarily unavailable. All customers’ assets remain secure. We will provide further updates as necessary. https://t.co/n8WuRGHqrX
Good bye crytopia, I'm done with you! you can keep all my batcoins!
Got an email from @Poloniex saying they will be cancelling US traders? BTW, they still owe my friend money after cancelling the $PPC wallet before he could withdraw.
Having withdraw problems as well. So many #cryptopia PoW coins got double spent. The adult coins like $SXC & $TIT are being withdrawn at a first come first serve basis as cryptopia doesn’t have everyone’s coins anymore.
Hey Cryptopia, I'm sure the community would appreciate significant details while we are eagerly awaiting for our withdraws to appear in wallets. It's now been more than 24h down with no explanation. Isn't that look a bit suspicious ?
I also have the same problem with withdrawl stuck for 20 days and no response to tickets raised. when will this be fixed please?
I am no expert, especially considering I held GCC all the way down, all the way back up and still now.  So, if it’s on Cryptopia, do I have to do anything or will they give me the CTX if I just hold it there?  Thx
I can't Withdraw btc, it's progressing
I feel this dragging on now, just cancel the transaction and sent the TRX back to my Cryptopia wallet for me to re-send.
I'm still waiting for a my Bitcoin Cash, there is no feedback, there is no support for this situation and you are just gambling with these situations, since you've got hacked, you are taking advantages of this situation. My withdraw has not broadcasted by you, no support, nothing
I'm still waiting for mine too! They should be shut down!
I'm still waiting for my BCH. This is how you treat your customers, who bought, paid, negotiate at your platform and receive this kind of treatment.
If they were truly having an issue it would be once in a while! They have the same supposed issues all the time. I had coins locked for 45 days a year ago!! Always wallets and exchange under maintenance!!! They need to be investigated!
Incorrect fiat balance display on OKEx found around 19PM 22 May (Beijing Time). Withdrawal resumed on 23 May but soon suspended again. OKEx just announced further update at 13PM today.
Kyle Torpey retweeted: Hearing multiple reports that @binance is blocking withdrawals without notice and forcing KYC to unlock them. Not great. Be aware. cc:@cz_binance
Managed to get the withdrawal process going, just sitting at unconfirmed now. How long should it normally take?
My 2 two withdraw still on process, almost 1 week
My withdrawal is stuck in processing 3days now . K made support tickets already and there is no response. Please help
No it isn’t. It’s back in maintenance again so I can’t withdraw. What’s going on?
Only 69 Cryptopia wallets in maintenance to fix right now. Totally not fractional reserve. Totally solvent. Totally not "Empty Gox". @Cryptopia_NZ give a PLAUSIBLE explanation to your customers if you want to keep them.
Os procesing more than 1 week
Please just fix the $frost wallet it’s been in maintenance for months
Ryan Selkis retweeted: When you hear @binance is hacked so you run to get your holdings but they aren’t allowing withdrawals but then the market goes up the market goes up 15%. #crypto https://t.co/0hwJN97ZIn
Shitty @coinbase article. Are QuadrigaCX customers unable to withdraw fiat or BTC? The article doesn't make that clear, and there's a *huge* difference between those two problems.
So why is 808 coin stiill in maintenance for almost a month now? Would like to be able to withdraw my coins.
That’s funny because I have tickets for withdrawals stuck in processing for 3 weeks now and can’t even get an update on those
The "trans-fee mining" #Fcoin #cryptocurrency exchange is insolvent, and its CEO estimates that the company owes between 7,000 and 13,000 $BTC to customers. coincodex.com/article/7027/f…
The transaction in cryptopia has the status of completed, while in the explorer the transaction is not shown and the deposit has not been validated. I have sent from an external wallet to the address 
They have been going in and out of maintenance mode. They announced that they will honor any withdrawal requests made before the 21st even if they continue to have issues. They have done about 200B worth of EMB withdrawals so we are optimistic things will be up again soon.
They should be up again shortly. They have had about 200B in EMB withdrawals this week. Probably too high a volume for their system.
This has to be one of the biggest scam exchanges out there!!! Always wallets in maintenance, tokens locked for months costing people $$$ piss poor cust svc!!! Wake up people and take your biz elsewhere!!!
To all exchanges and mining pools please allow a significantly higher confirmation time on withdrawals and deposits (+400) cc @OKEx @ExchangeXGroup @HuobiGroup @digifinex @binance @bitfinex Quoted tweet from @eth_classic: There have been rumors of a possible chain reorganization or double spend attack. From what we can tell the ETC network is operating normally. BlockScout's "Reorg" section shows nothing of the sort. blockscout.com/etc/mainnet/re… https://t.co/HdUtS0DJZK
Transactions on @Cryptopia_NZ have been broken for more than 2 months.  What good is a coin if you can't get it off of exchanges?
Turns out the funds were not so "safu" Quoted tweet from @cz_binance: Have to perform some unscheduled server maintenance that will impact deposits and withdrawals for a couple hours. No need to FUD. Funds are #safu.
Tuur Demeester retweeted: QuadrigaCX founder died and had sole access to all of the cold storage keys. The exchange owes customers $190 million. #bitcoin #litecoin #ethereum #bitcoincash https://t.co/6VTG16FLIb
Update: Our #XRP wallet upgrade, previously scheduled for Monday, will now occur on Tuesday, September 10th. Trading will be unaffected but deposits and withdrawals will be suspended during maintenance. We expect maintenance to begin around 15:15 UTC and last several hours. twitter.com/Poloniex/statu… Quoted tweet from @Poloniex: On Monday, we will be upgrading our #XRP wallets in order to introduce an enhanced user experience. Trading will be unaffected but deposits and withdrawals will be suspended during maintenance. We expect maintenance to begin around 15:15 UTC and last several hours.
Uri Klarman retweeted: Yep, @binance was hacked for 7000 BTC. Deposits and withdrawals are going to be disabled for a week. Not a good day for their users. https://t.co/5ZJEYBR6DP
Waiting for NZD deposits and withdrawal to open again,  such a loss
We had a brief period of the BTC wallet in maintenance this morning. We can confirm that the wallet is now back to normal.
When pac deposit/withdrawal cryptopia back online?
Why after delist emb ,daxx coin withdraw paused? Fake exchange Don't trust @ Cryptopia_NZ
Yes. Cryptopia just reopened withdrawals so let him know it’s a good idea to withdraw ASAP.
FTX has halted all withdrawals. Users are panicking. Billions of dollars locked on the platform with no timeline for when — or if — they'll get their money back.
Tried to withdraw from FTX this morning and got an error. Now the withdrawal page is completely disabled. This is not a drill.
FTX withdrawal queue is reportedly $6 billion deep. The exchange simply doesn't have the funds to cover it. This is a full-blown bank run.
Binance announced they're selling their FTT holdings and suddenly everyone is trying to withdraw from FTX at once. Classic bank run scenario playing out in real time.
I've been trying to withdraw my funds from FTX for 3 days now. Every request gets stuck in "processing." Starting to think I'll never see my money again.
FTX users in the Bahamas reportedly able to withdraw while everyone else is locked out. If true, this is preferential treatment and possibly illegal.
Sam Bankman-Fried tweets "assets are fine" while withdrawals are frozen. This is the crypto equivalent of "the check is in the mail."
Celsius Network pauses all withdrawals, swaps, and transfers. "Due to extreme market conditions." Translation: they don't have your money.
Celsius freezing withdrawals is terrifying. People have their life savings on this platform because they were promised 18% yields. This is going to end badly.
Alex Mashinsky was tweeting "funds are safe" days before Celsius froze withdrawals. He knew. He absolutely knew.
Celsius users can't withdraw, can't swap, can't transfer. Their funds are completely locked. Some people have six figures stuck on the platform.
It's been 3 months since Celsius froze withdrawals and there's still no timeline for when users will get their funds back. This is theft with extra steps.
Voyager Digital suspends all trading, deposits, and withdrawals. Another crypto lender goes down. Three Arrows Capital's collapse is taking everyone with it.
Voyager users just got an email saying withdrawals are suspended "until further notice." Thousands of people just lost access to their savings.
BlockFi pauses withdrawals citing "lack of clarity" on the status of FTX obligations. The dominoes keep falling. How many more platforms will freeze?
BlockFi files for bankruptcy weeks after pausing withdrawals. Users who trusted the platform with their crypto are now unsecured creditors. Good luck getting anything back.
Gemini Earn users can't withdraw their funds because Genesis — the counterparty — is insolvent. $900 million locked up. The Winklevoss twins are furious at DCG.
Cameron Winklevoss writes an open letter demanding DCG's Barry Silbert address the $900 million owed to Gemini Earn users. This is getting ugly.
Gemini Earn users have been waiting over a year to get their funds back. Some have lost hundreds of thousands. The Genesis bankruptcy is a nightmare.
Hodlnaut suspends withdrawals and applies for creditor protection in Singapore. Another yield platform that couldn't deliver on its promises.
Hodlnaut users can't access their crypto. The Singapore-based lender froze everything and is now in judicial management. Depositors may get pennies on the dollar.
Vauld suspends withdrawals citing financial difficulties. The Indian crypto lender had $400 million in customer deposits. Another domino falls.
CoinFLEX pauses withdrawals due to a $47 million debt from a single counterparty. CEO says the individual is Roger Ver. Ver denies it.
Babel Finance suspends withdrawals citing "unusual liquidity pressures." How many more crypto lenders are going to freeze customer funds this month?
Zipmex suspends withdrawals. The Thai crypto exchange says it has exposure to Babel Finance and Celsius. The contagion keeps spreading.
Finblox caps withdrawals at $1,500 per month after Three Arrows Capital exposure. Users who had unlimited access to their funds are now rate-limited.
My Binance withdrawal has been "processing" for 6 hours. Support says there's a "temporary delay." This is exactly how it started with FTX.
Binance temporarily suspends USDC withdrawals citing a "token swap" issue. Users are panicking given what happened with FTX. Trust is at an all-time low.
Binance pauses Bitcoin withdrawals twice in 12 hours due to "a stuck transaction causing a backlog." The timing during a market crash is suspicious.
Crypto.com withdrawal delays are getting worse. Some users report waiting 48+ hours for ETH withdrawals. Support is unresponsive.
OKX suspends withdrawals for multiple tokens without explanation. Users are left in the dark. Communication from exchanges during crises is always terrible.
Huobi withdrawal delays are causing panic. Multiple users report pending withdrawals for days. Justin Sun says everything is fine. Where have we heard that before?
Gate.io withdrawal processing times have gone from minutes to days. Something is clearly wrong but the exchange won't acknowledge it.
My Bittrex withdrawal has been pending for a week. Support ticket unanswered. The exchange is supposedly shutting down and people still can't get their money out.
Bittrex files for bankruptcy and users still have funds stuck on the platform. The withdrawal process during bankruptcy is going to take months if not years.
KuCoin suspended all deposits and withdrawals after the hack. It's been two weeks and some users still can't access their funds. The "insurance fund" isn't helping fast enough.
Poloniex withdrawal issues again. Every time there's market volatility, Poloniex withdrawals slow to a crawl. It's been like this for years.
Kraken withdrawal delays during the market crash. When you need to move your funds the most, exchanges conveniently have "technical issues."
Bybit withdrawal queue is massive right now. Thousands of pending transactions. The exchange says it's due to "unprecedented demand." Sure.
Nexo users reporting withdrawal delays after the company announced it's exiting the US market. Getting your money out before the deadline is proving difficult.
Mt. Gox creditors finally receiving their Bitcoin after 10 years. Some people had their funds locked since 2014. A decade of waiting for a withdrawal.
The Mt. Gox trustee is distributing Bitcoin to creditors but the process is painfully slow. Some exchanges are taking weeks to process the incoming transfers.
Coinbase withdrawal delays during every major market move. The app crashes, withdrawals get stuck, and support is overwhelmed. This happens every single time.
Withdrew from Binance 4 hours ago and still showing "processing." Network isn't congested. Other exchanges are processing fine. What's going on Binance?
FTX Japan users told they might get their funds back since Japanese law requires segregated accounts. Meanwhile, international FTX users get nothing. Regulation matters.
Celsius bankruptcy plan offers users 67 cents on the dollar. After a year of frozen withdrawals, getting back two-thirds of your money is the "best case scenario."
Voyager users finally getting partial distributions from bankruptcy. About 35% of their crypto. Better than nothing but still devastating for many.
Just tried to withdraw from HitBTC and got hit with a mandatory KYC verification that wasn't required when I deposited. Classic exchange move to delay withdrawals.
HitBTC has been holding my withdrawal for 3 weeks pending "security review." No response from support. This exchange is a nightmare.
Withdrew ETH from Bitfinex and it's been 12 hours with no confirmation. The transaction isn't even on the blockchain yet. What are they doing?
WazirX users can't withdraw anything after the $235M hack. The exchange says it needs time to assess the damage. Meanwhile, people's money is just gone.
